[Wrangler] update route override warning and link to deprecation guide. (#6908)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/configuration.md

If you change your environment variables in the Cloudflare dashboard, Wrangler will override them the next time you deploy. If you want to disable this behavior, add `keep_vars = true` to your `wrangler.toml`.

> If you change your routes in the dashboard, Wrangler will override them in the next deploy with the routes you have set in your `wrangler.toml`. To manage routes via the Cloudflare dashboard only, remove any route and routes keys from and add workers_dev = false to your wrangler.toml file. For more information, view the Wrangler v1 [deprecation guide](/workers/wrangler/migration/deprecations/#other-deprecated-behaviour).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you change your routes in the dashboard, Wrangler will override them in the next deploy with the routes you have set in your `wrangler.toml`. To manage routes via the Cloudflare dashboard only, remove any route and routes keys from your `wrangler.toml` file. Then add `workers_dev = false` to your `wrangler.toml` file. For more information, refer to the Wrangler 1 [deprecation guide](/workers/wrangler/migration/deprecations/#other-deprecated-behaviour).
```
